Why are you ruining my house? Use your bad idea to hit my family with your car.
Mr. Zhao, you’re leaving and you won’t eat.
He even said before arriving that he owns the Lok Ball Hotel.
In the end, he was still lying there.
Man, I was personally charged up.
Don't don't don't don't. Look at how talented he is,
Happy birthday to you right then and there.
Three minutes, right? I'll wait for you,
If my Zhao family hadn't been there when it came to me.
You, I respect you here.
If you don't know, if you know, you'll always be mad
The truth of this kind of omen
What brother is talking to you?
They apologized
Okay, I know you've eaten a pack
Make a wish for you to tell
If I really offended my eldest son
You will be with Cheng Zeng
When did you come?
The Ken family will do it
It's enough to say this
Then we got married
Then of course I won’t let you accept anything.
Not to mention that the tasks are similar
Speaking big words is good for the whole body
Otherwise it will just make people laugh
Three minutes passed
My Zhao family is Jin Zhu’s fearful family
And you are just a
Come on, let's deal with it to death